# Name: Marisol Santa Cruz
# Date: 10/10/18
# This work is mine otherwise cited

#Question 7.

In an article written by Centers For Diseases Control and Prevention
(https://www.cdc.gov/vaccines/parents/diseases/child/14-diseases.html ), it
discusses how there are several diseases that have been forgotten thanks to the
process of vaccination. For example, there is plenty of research that
highlights that without the use of vaccines  Diphtheria would still be a
disease around today; although, Diphtheria is preventable it is still around
today and those who are not vaccinated are not immune to this tragic disease. I
am convinced by this research and data because we live in an age where the
diseases that are common are not deadly. In past centuries large amounts of
populations, and even whole enter civilizations, have been wiped out due to the
lack of medicine that allows for a healthier living without the risks of deadly
diseases.

#Question 8.

The danger of having publicized such incorrect data, about autism caused by vaccines, to the public is that parents will either be hesitant or completely stray from vaccinating their children and now those misinformed people's’ health is at risk. Kids are the perfect target to illnesses. There is not only physical danger to those who do not get vaccinated, in fear of developing autism, but also a social one. There are certain schools and colleges that do not permit students into their facility if they do not provide specific documentation that reports which vaccines students’ have. Kids could be potentially bullied and separated from the rest of the group of certain vaccinations do not that place.

#What should the role of academic research groups and organizations be to ensure that published information is absolutely correct (i.e., has been properly analyzed) before public exposure?

The first role of academic research groups should be not to incorporate their personal bias into their professional work; they should only report that data and facts that prove a certain outcome. There have been cases of religious beliefs being included in research. Certain cultures and religions do not believe in the use of modern medicine and this has caused a number of scientists to encourage and/or scare the public into using specific procedures/medicine. It is the role of scientists to separate their personal beliefs from the data that is being researched and reported.  

#The researcher retracted his paper, which means that he no longer supports its content. Is retracting a paper enough to fix the damage to public medicine? How could the damage be fixed if this you do not think that this is enough?

I strongly believe that retracting a paper is not enough. The damage has
already been done: the paper has already been read and the false information
has already been ingrained in people’s minds. The first step should be an
apology to the public. The researcher should perform a public apology so that
people understand how severe the consequences of his content was. He should not
silently back away into the shadows so that his reputation and credibility
stays intact. The next step should be to publish another piece correcting his
mistakes and providing an in depth explanation to his new study. This will help
clear up anything that was misunderstood and provide understanding to the
public.


#Question 9.

In a study performed by Scielo Public Health
(https://www.scielosp.org/article/bwho/2001.v79n1/78-78/ ), in regards to HIV
and AIDS indicated how the number of people infected with HIV and AIDS in
Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union has had a massive rise fo nearly 70%
in the space of a year. It is predicted that one million Russians will be
infected with HIV within the next two years. There are currently no vaccines
for HIV and/or AID. This is something that scientists are really pushing
towards due to the rapid increase of HIV/AIDS cases; they also strongly believe
that the introduction of this vaccine will help treat these diseases. This goes
to show that vaccines are indeed beneficial since this is a solution that
scientists are eagerly working towards developing.

Another study facilitated by Q. Ashton Acton PhD adheres to the fact that
Tuberculosis vaccines are, in fact, beneficial to the human race. The National
Health Service has researched that, “The BCG vaccine contains a weakened strain
of TB bacteria, which builds up immunity and encourages the body to fight TB if
infected with it, without causing the disease itself. The BCG vaccination is
thought to protect up to 80% of people for up to 15 years”. The tuberculosis
vaccine, like any other medicine, is partially flawed and only protects the
human body from tuberculosis for a maximum of 15 years but the simple solution
to that is to get another vaccine shot after that time period. There is data
that after the introduction of this vaccine there have been only 9,272 cases of
tuberculosis, 2016, the United States of America. It has also been reported
that the highest cause of this number is due to the lack of tuberculosis
vaccines in those cases. This does prove that vaccines are beneficial because
people can live worry free of certain diseases by having one small infection of
a vaccine every so amount of years.


#Question 10.

While I have been reading all about the exploratory data analysis through the
textbook. I was intrigued to notice the correlation that the global health
field and the computer science fields intertwined to such extent. As I pondered
for some time after the presentation, I was aware that the health industry
collected data and a vast portion of it. However, what resonated with me was
the distinguish and impacts between what is local data collections, global
communities such as regional schools and the micro data which is more on the
individual level. simply looking at the ways in which data is being collected
from sampling to surveys may be rather risky to go a head and assume that your
conclusion apply to every single person. I thought to myself that whenever one
is drawing huge and impactful conclusions from the data, one must always remain
skeptical of our data in the first place for the best and most accurate
results.
